has different All, Sir, you're going to have new team members reporting
aboard this ship, this water to the organization. So things that you
want to look at is where does the person on the team fit? Okay, What?
Unless is, does this person where in the Manning document does
he or she fit? If I need a SAR swimmer and the sewer swimming school
is only offered, you know, semi annually. And I report that three saw
swimmers aboard the ship. Okay? And this person is reported to me
as a star swimmer, but hasn't been to this girl. Okay, Now I have to
make sure that he or she has had time and reported in route to coming
to my Does he have time? She had time to get this article. By the
way, when you get those orders and you're looking at your team, rotations
starts when the school is very important for the chef way. Need
somebody out there? That's your responsibility. It's not the person.
It's your responsibility to make sure that you have a full complement
of people need to carry out a mission. So you know, it's our
swimmer is leaving. Make sure you've either identified a new person
coming of war to go and be this over, for you have identified someone
else with a team to go to saw school become. The ships are small now
I've since our swimmer, but that applies for a majority of multiple
off unless is within the ship.